# README

Built on ruby 2.3.3, Rails 5.1.5
To install, copy the database.yml.sample and add your MySQL root password. Run bundle install and rake db:setup, rake db:migrate, and rake db:seed to proceed.

Image uploading is handled via Paperclip. Images can be encoded in base64 to facilitate inclusion in JSON posts.

For authentication as a particular user add X-User-Email and X-User-Token to the request headers with the values contained for email and authentication_token in the seed data.

Below are the specs along with some comments on implementation in CAPS.

Users
Each user must have, but is not limited to: ID, First Name, Last Name, Email (unique) IMPLEMENTED IN DB AND MODEL

These users are the only users that are able to make requests via the API. User creation/maintenance is not done through the API (see Database section below). IMPLEMENTED THROUGH TOKEN AUTHENTICATION WITH TOKENS GENERATED IN SEEDS

Users can own many products IMPLEMENTED, ALONG WITH JOIN TABLE SO MORE THAN ONE USER CAN OWN SAME PRODUCT

Products

Each product must have, but is not limited to: ID Name Description Price Image IMPLEMENTED IN DB AND MODEL

Database
MySQL IMPLEMENTED
All tables in the database must be created programatically IMPLEMENTED WITH MIGRATIONS
The user table should be seeded with five users IMPLEMENTED

Authentication

You must implement an authentication system so that the API knows which of the users is making the request. All requests should ensure that an authorized user is making the request. In the event of an unauthorized user, an error should be thrown. IMPLEMENTED THROUGH TOKENS AND CONTROLLER METHODS

Requests

The following requests should be implemented: ALL IMPLEMENTED.

Add product
All fields required except ID and image
Update product
All fields required except image
Delete product
Get product
Upload product image IMPLEMENTED AS PART OF STANDARD PRODUCT CREATION AND EDITS
Get list of all products
Attach product to requesting user
Remove product from requesting user
ATTACHING AND REMOVING PRODUCTS TO REQUESTING USERS IS ACCOMPLISHED VIA PUT REQUEST TO ~/users/user_id/products/product_id. THE PUT REQUEST IS A TOGGLE: IT WILL REMOVE AN EXISTING ASSOCIATION TO THAT PRODUCT OR CREATE AN ASSOCIATION TO THAT PRODUCT.
List products attached to requesting user

Tests (Not Required - Bonus)

You must write tests to back up your code. You are free to use any testing tools or frameworks you like. THERE ARE TESTS INCLUDED, BUT THEY WERE GENERATED BY RAILS.
